Governor Ren, what do you think of our project?
See King of the Snow
On the right hand side is the Governor of Jiangdong, Ren Zhengtian
This is the richest man Shen Wansan
Seal our Jiangdong Xue Yufu and discuss the door
From today onwards
Jiangdong Blood Rain
Tibetan style to lead the dragon
Secret excommunication
Bring the storm
Jiangdong Blood Rain
obey my orders
Take your seats
Ask the waiter to enjoy the dishes
Qinghe Lin Fan is not good
Need to divest from the investors of the quaint Joe's Group
Now the Qiao family is about to go bankrupt
Don't panic, I'll be right back
Hey
Then if Lin Fan offends the Xu family, it will be a dead end
And you are soft-hearted
Gotta get pissed off
Now the Xu family and the Shen family are united
Cut off our funding
What do you say?
I didn't expect the light rain to fall so heavily
Don't worry.
I must be able to figure out a way
What can you do?
Mom and Dad
I have an idea.
But I'm afraid my sister will be angry when I say it.
Oh, Vivi.
It's burning my eyebrows
Tell me about it.
Doesn't that Young Master Xu like his sister?
Why don't you let my sister come to the door to apologize?
Grow this debt meat
Jo Vivi, what nonsense are you talking about?
So far
There is only one way
Dad, I'm your biological daughter
Are you going to make a deal with your daughter's return?
Qinghe
It's not easy for your dad to raise you
It's time to give back to your parents
Besides, the big one is no better than that trash
Lin Fan's mother, don't say it
I'm not going to die.
It's up to you.
I am your father
Everything about you is up to me
Stop
Yu Fan, you are not dead
Excuse me?
Let you down